.\"                              hey, Emacs:   -*- nroff -*-
.\" ciljit is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
.\" (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with this program; see the file COPYING.  If not, write to
.\" the Free Software Foundation, 675 Mass Ave, Cambridge, MA 02139, USA.
.\"
.TH ILDJIT 1 "January 16, 2009"
.\" Please update the above date whenever this man page is modified.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins (default)
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
ildjit \- This is a virtual machine for the CIL language specified in the ECMA-335
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBiljit\fP The ECMA-335 standard describes the CLI architecture. ILDJIT is an implementation of the Virtual Execution System (VES); It is an easily extensible and parallel dynamic compiler.
.PP
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR iljit (1).
.SH AUTHOR
Simone Campanoni <simo.xan@gmail.com>.
