.\"                              hey, Emacs:   -*- nroff -*-
.\" ciljit is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
.\" (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with this program; see the file COPYING.  If not, write to
.\" the Free Software Foundation, 675 Mass Ave, Cambridge, MA 02139, USA.
.\"
.TH ILJIT 1 "July 14, 2009"
.\" Please update the above date whenever this man page is modified.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins (default)
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
iljit \- This is a Just-in-time compiler for the CIL language specified with the ECMA-335
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B iljit\fR [ options ] \fIprogram\fR [ \fIprogram-options\fR ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBiljit\fP The ECMA-335 standard describes the CLI architecture. ILJIT is an implementation of the Virtual Execution System (VES); it is the JIT module of the ILDJIT project.
.PP
.SH OPTIONS
\fBiljit\fP accepts the following options:
.TP
.B \-h, \-\-help
Show summary of options.
.TP
.B \-v, \-\-verbose
Enable the verbose execution mode
.TP
.B \-t, \-\-trace
Print every method called by the execution of the CIL program
.TP
.B \-p, \-\-profiler=num
Enable the profiler at level num of ILDJIT. Moreover, it displays the profile informations about time and memory spent by iljit
.TP
.B \-H=num, \-\-heap\-size=num
Set the initial size of the heap to num kilobytes.
.TP
.B \-D, \-\-dump\-all
Dump each method compiled in the CIL, IR, Libjit and assembly language to the corresponding CIL, IR, Libjit, Assembly files.
.TP
.B \-C, \-\-dump\-config
Dump configuration information for the ILDJIT engine.
.TP
.B \-N, \-\-no-eplicit-gc
Disable the possibility of running the garbage collection explicitly
.TP
.B \-Gname, \-\-gc=name
Choose the garbage collector name for the execution of the CIL program.
.TP
.B \-O, \-\-optimizations=level
Force the optimization of the CIL code to the specified level
.TP
.B \-V, \-\-version
Show version of program.

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR ildjit (1).
.SH AUTHOR
Simone Campanoni <simo.xan@gmail.com>
